Life-changing transformation for Jake👊🏽

Jake came to me with the goal of wanting less body fat with more muscle to achieve a leaner more muscular physique.

Therefore that’s exactly what we’ve done✅

18.3kg down on the scales, stripped body fat, gained muscle and is in the best shape of his life👊🏽

Before Jake joined me he knew what he wanted to achieve but had no idea how to approach it due to seeing so much contradictory information on the internet.

Everywhere Jake looked online he saw different information on the best way to get in shape.

He tried going vegan, he tried fasting, he tried calorie counting, he tried numerous different training programmes in addition to so many more things and absolutely nothing led to the results he was wanting.

Jake knew it was time for professional 1-1 guidance to enable him to finally start seeing the results he knew he was capable of achieving.

I took the guesswork completely out of the equation for Jake and built him a tailored programme that was guaranteed to bring him the exact result he was after.

All Jake needed to do was follow it and he would get in the best shape of his life✅

(which was extremely easy as the plan was fully tailored to himself)

Jakes said in his own words “Honestly it’s one of the best things I’ve done in life so far, I have to double take when I look in the mirror due to how much progress I’ve made”

Jake’s now in the absolute best shape of his life and has bulletproof confidence which is exactly what he came to me for and I assured him he would achieve🙌🏽

Are you fed up with spinning your wheels like Jake was?

If Jake can completely transform his physique in a matter of months then what’s holding you back from doing the same with the right guidance?

If you are ready to take action on your goals, finally see the results that you deserve and achieve your very own transformation…

Drop me a message with the word “RESULTS” and I will be in touch

The biggest mistake guys will make in April 2026…

Is convincing themselves it’s already too late.

Too late to get in shape.

Too late to feel confident this summer.

Too late to change anything now before the suns out☀️.

And I get it.

Most guys started the year thinking “this is the year I sort it and finally get in shape”…

Then life happened, work got busy, plans came up, routine was impacted.

And now it feels like the window has closed.

So they tell themselves…

“Ah well, I’ll get in shape next summer, summer 2027 will be my year”

But here’s the truth most people won’t tell you…

It’s not too late👊🏽

There are still around 3 months until July.

And in that time, you can make a serious change.

Enough to feel very different when you look in the mirror.

Enough to feel more confident on holiday.

Enough to take your top off without overthinking it.

Enough to stop hiding behind baggy clothes in 30° heat.

This isn’t about becoming “perfect” by summer.

It’s about not letting another year pass where you feel the same.

Because one decision now…

Could completely change how this summer feels.

And more importantly… how you feel about yourself.

Fast forward 3 months… you’ll either be glad you started, or wish you did.

If you’re ready to be in the first group, message me with the words “SUMMER” and I’ll help you👊🏽

I’ve been shredded.

I’ve been out of shape.

Neither made me truly happy.

One came with restriction, low energy, and no life.

The other came with no confidence.

So I built a way to have both:

Great shape + balance👊🏽

That’s what I help my clients achieve.

Message me “BUILT” if you want to see how.

Joe’s Transformation 👊🏽

When Joe joined me, he was in the same position as many guys I speak to daily…

He was training hard.

Eating healthy.

Staying consistent.

Putting in the work.

However, the results didn’t match the effort he was putting in, and that was causing frustration.

Because let’s be honest…

When you’re doing everything “right” and still not seeing progress, it’s hard to stay driven.

The issue wasn’t effort.

It was strategy.

Joe already had a solid understanding of training and nutrition but he knew that what got him this far wouldn’t get him to the next level.

He wanted to strip body fat, build muscle and finally achieve that lean, athletic look.

So he reached out for expert 1-1 guidance to make it happen.

Together we:

✅ Built a tailored nutrition plan that allowed him to drop fat, gain muscle and still enjoy the foods he loves.

✅ Optimised his training to focus on his key areas: His upper body, specifically his chest- while keeping him strong through the fat-loss phase.

And the result?

Joe transformed👊🏽

Joe loves what he sees in the mirror✅

Joes confidence is through the roof📈

Now Joe’s leaner, stronger, and more confident than ever 📈

Are you stuck seeing average results like Joe was?

Do you feel like you’re working hard but know deep down you could achieve so much more with the right plan?

If Joe can completely transform his physique… what’s stopping you?

Drop me a message with the word “RESULTS” and I’ll show you exactly how to make it happen👊🏽

I spent years running from mirrors, photos, and fitting rooms.

Let’s rewind it back to the beginning of my physique journey.

I was overweight and massively lacked confidence.

It’s not only the lack of confidence in my body that I experienced from not being in shape but this also carried over to all other aspects within my life.

It affected the clothes I wore (hoodies in summer)

Summer was a horrible time of the year for me- i wished the season could be skipped.

It affected how I felt when I walked into a room and saw people I’d never met before (nervous and self-conscious)

It affected my ability to take my top off at the beach (wouldn’t do it)

It affected my self-belief when applying for a job or going for an interview (ended up not applying)

It affected everything!

As a result of this, I started trying quick fixes to try and give myself that confidence I so badly wanted, the main one being clothes. All baggy, oversized and dark.

I wore things to help take people’s eyes away from my body.

Working and saving hard all year to afford a holiday, only to not truly enjoy myself due to being self-conscious and as a result hiding away.

What on earth is the point of that...

However the truth is many men are in the same boat I was.

Nervous at the thought of going in the sun, around the pool or on the beach, but unfortunately doing nothing about it.

Personally I decided to face the root cause of my lack of confidence head-on and that was my body…

I’m now confident, with no nerves going in the sun and taking my top off.

Can wear fitted clothing, any colour I wish.

No need for it to be baggy, dark and oversized anymore.

Why?

Because I’ve now built a physique I’m extremely proud of, which has quite simply changed my life.

I know there are many men out there who are doing exactly as I was doing: using temporary fixes for short-term relief.

It’s tough but facing the root cause of the way you’re feeling head-on is the only way forward.

Are you willing to continue life hiding away and covering up?

Or will this be the year you finally make that change?

If you are finally ready to make this DM me the word “SUMMER” and we will make it happen together👊🏽