If you genuinely want to transform your life for the better, there’s only one thing that you need to be doing if you haven’t already done so yet: get in shape, get healthier.

Let’s go back to March 2025—so over a year ago now. This is what my client looked like before he joined my coaching. From the first check-in picture he sent me, he weighed in at over 100 kg, guys. And when you’re in this shape, there’s only one thing that we need to be doing. Fat loss was our main priority.

And that’s exactly what we did. We went on a slow fat loss diet phase where we wanted to take our time with it. He had never been on a diet before; he didn’t know how to go about it. The last thing I wanted to do with him was give him an aggressive plan that was unsustainable in the long run and that he would find too difficult. So that mentally he’s like to himself, "Okay, I can’t do this in the long run."

And that’s a big mistake a lot of you guys make. If you’ve never been on a diet before, it’s always smart to have a slow approach to begin with. And then later on down the line, when you have a little bit more experience with losing fat, you can do those aggressive diets.

In about 12 weeks' time, we went from 100 kg down to 89 kg, and you can already notice big changes in his physique. Throughout the summer, we actually didn’t work together. So he decided to do it by himself, mainly because he just wanted to maintain the physique that he had, and then later on down the line, he was going to join my coaching again if he needed help.

And then at the start of October last year, he reached out for my help again because throughout the summer, when he was doing it by himself, he kind of let himself go. But the good thing about him: he didn’t give up. A lot of you guys will get in shape and then you’ll rebound, and then you’ll say to yourself, "Okay, this isn’t going to work" or "This getting-in-shape thing isn’t for me." He didn’t have that mentality. He was like, "Okay, I slipped up, but it doesn’t matter. I’ll bounce back." So he reached out for my help again.

But because we did our first fat loss phase in a very slow, sustainable approach, he didn’t just bounce back and eat his way up to 100 kg again. Our starting weight this time was 90 kg, and our goal was, within the next two to three months, just to get as lean as possible. And this was him at the end of January, his final check-in picture that he sent me, around 82 kg fasted in the morning.

Mind you guys, this is what he looked like 10 months ago, so less than a year. There’s only one way I can describe this transformation: I’m so proud of him. That wasn’t the main part—mentally he’s doing so much better. And this is exactly what I mean that getting in good shape will change your life forever, guys.

And then a month later, he just starts sending me his wedding pictures. Yes, bro decided to get married. That’s how much of a big change getting in shape made for him. Like, even I don’t have the confidence of doing that yet.

So hopefully, I pray that this video finally made you decide to lock in with your fitness for good. And if you want me to personally help you out step-by-step throughout that process, fill in the coaching form in my bio. If not, you can always comment the word "TRANSFORM" under this video.

This was the first ever picture my client sent me in June last year. He was at 92 kg and as you can tell, he didn't have much muscle mass. So, before doing any fat loss or anything, we wanted to build a good foundation of muscle mass.

So we went on a lean bulk phase for a good four months. And this is him at the end of October, weighing in at around 96 kg. We only gained about 4 kg, but in that timeframe, he managed to gain a good amount of muscle mass. And then after this picture was taken, we decided to go on a fat loss phase—a mini cut, if you will.

And this was him at the end of January, after the fat loss phase was over. He was weighing in at around 84 kg. So he lost over 10 kg in the span of three months. And look at the difference in his physique, guys. He’s got visible abs, his chest is looking more defined, his shoulders are looking capped.

And the best part is, he actually feels a lot better as well. He told me his energy levels are through the roof, his confidence has improved so much, and he’s just a completely different person compared to who he was back in June.

This just goes to show what's possible when you actually stay consistent and you have a plan in place. He didn't just wing it; we had a specific goal for the bulk, and then we had a specific goal for the cut. And because he followed the plan to a T, he got these amazing results.

So if you’re stuck in a position where you don't know if you should bulk or cut, or you just feel like you’re spinning your wheels and not making any progress, then I want to help you. I’ve opened up a few more spots for my 1-on-1 coaching.

If you want to work with me and get a transformation just like this, then click the link in my bio and fill out the application form. Let's get to work!